game-of-life/README.md, before:

# Conway's Game of Life

The game starts with an initial configuration of live and dead cells. The rules are then applied repeatedly to each cell in the grid, creating a sequence of generations.  

Key Features:

- Emergence: Despite the simple rules, complex patterns and structures can emerge from the initial configuration.   

- Self-replication: Some patterns can create copies of themselves, demonstrating a form of self-replication.  
- Turing Completeness: The Game of Life has been proven to be Turing complete, meaning it can simulate any computer algorithm.

# Run
You can run with clean initial board using:

`python gol.py`

You can also initialize the board with live cells using the `--seed` command line argument:

`python gol.py --seed 50`

The default window size is 960x960. You can change few settings in settings.py file.

# Controls

- Use mouse left click to toggle cell state. 
- Use Enter to start/pause/resume the animation.
- Use Sapcebar to reset the board.

# Sample boards

Still lives and oscillators

![Sample1](https://github.com/navti/projects/blob/main/game-of-life/assets/samples/sample1.GIF)

Commit message:

Update README.md with sample gifs.

game-of-life/README.md, after:

# Conway's Game of Life

The game starts with an initial configuration of live and dead cells. The rules are then applied repeatedly to each cell in the grid, creating a sequence of generations.  

Key Features:

- Emergence: Despite the simple rules, complex patterns and structures can emerge from the initial configuration.   

- Self-replication: Some patterns can create copies of themselves, demonstrating a form of self-replication.  
- Turing Completeness: The Game of Life has been proven to be Turing complete, meaning it can simulate any computer algorithm.

# Run
You can run with clean initial board using:

`python gol.py`

You can also initialize the board with live cells using the `--seed` command line argument:

`python gol.py --seed 50`

The default window size is 960x960. You can change few settings in settings.py file.

# Controls

- Use mouse left click to toggle cell state. 
- Use Enter to start/pause/resume the animation.
- Use Sapcebar to reset the board.

# Sample boards

### Still lives and oscillators

<img src="assets/samples/sample1.GIF" width="200">

### The Glider, Spaceship and The Weekender
<img src="assets/samples/sample2.GIF" width="200">

## License
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

# Get in touch
[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:navintiwari08@gmail.com)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/navti/)
